VERY CURIOUS. IT'S 4
DEGREES AT THE AIRPORT AND MAINLY
CLOUDY SKIES. SOME BREAKS OF
SUNSHINE THIS MORNING BUT
GENERALLY THROUGH THE DAY
CLOUDY SKIES THE SUN WAS ABLE
TO FILTRE ITS WAY THROUGH SO
THAT WAS NICE. IT WAS A FAIRLY
PLEASANT DAY WARNING UP TO 7
DEGREES WHICH IS OUR AVERAGE.
WHERE WE SHOULD BE FOR THIS
TIME OF YEAR. WHEN WE LOOK AT
THE PATTERN WE STILL HAVE HIGH
PRESSURE IN PLACE, AND IT'S
FAIRLY STAGNANT ACROSS THE
SOUTH. THE NORTH COAST GETTING
HAMMERED BY TWO DIFFERENT
SYSTEMS, ONE IS REALLY
AFFECTING THE REGION TONIGHT.
THEY HAVE A WIND WARNING IN
PLACE. SOUTHEAST WINDS UP TO
90 KILOMETERS AN HOUR EXPECTED. I HAVE SEEN
REPORTS OF 66-70 KILOMETERS AN HOUR IN PRINCE
RUPERT. WE ARE GOING TO SEE
THAT PATTERN CONTINUING INTO
SATURDAY THAT IS REALLY GOING
TO BRING IN THE MILDER AIR
ACROSS NORTHERN PARTS OF THE
PROVINCE. SOME AREAS WILL BE
20 DEGREES ABOVE AVERAGE IN
THE COMING DAYS. THIS IS A
LOOK AT THE REMAX SATELLITE.
WE HAVE SOME CLOUD COVER JUST
OFF THE COAST, THOUGH, A FEW
SHOWERS PUSHING IN. TONIGHT
FOR THE LOWER MAINLAND SOUTH
COAST, A SLIGHT CHANCE OF
SHOWERS. WE WILL SEE THAT
EARLY TOMORROW MORNING
GENERALLY TOMORROW, BACK TO
MAINLY CLOUDY SKIES AND THESE
SYSTEMS FUNNEL TOWARDS THE
NORTH COAST. WET AND WINDY
ACROSS THE NORTH COAST, SNOW
FOR INLAND REGIONS IN THE
MORNING AND BY THE AFTERNOON
THAT SPREADS ALL THE WAY DOWN
INTO AREAS LIKE PRINCE GEORGE
AND OVER TOWARDS VALEMOUNT, A
REAL FINGER OF PRECIPITATION
PUSHING IN THERE. MEANWHILE,
THE SOUTH COAST WILL SEEK IT
SPLIT IN HALF. NORTHERN
REGIONS FROM ABOUT SECHELT
NORTH HAVE THE CHANCE OF
SHOWERS AND THEN BASICALLY
COMOX NORTH ACROSS VANCOUVER
ISLAND HAVE A CHANCE OF
PRECIPITATION, DRIER
CONDITIONS FOR SOUTH. AND IN
WHISTLER YOU HAVE A CHANCE
FLURRIES TOWARDS THE
AFTERNOON. HERE IS THE
FORECAST, AS I MENTIONED, WET
AND WINDY ACROSS THE NORTH
COAST, EVEN IN INLAND REGIONS.
SMITHERS, I EXPECT SNOW FOR
YOU, CALDER, 5 DEGREES.
FLURRIES IN PRINCE GEORGE AND
OVER TWO VALEMOUNT. MEANWHILE,
AREAS FURTHER SOUTH, MAINLY
CLOUDY. THE SAME CLOUD YOU
HAVE SEEN IN THE LAST COUPLE
OF DAYS, AND YOU WILL SEE THAT
NOT ONLY TOMORROW BUT ON
SATURDAY AS WELL. THE SOUTH
COAST AS WELL, THIS IS YOUR
PLAN FOR TOMORROW, RAIN ACROSS
NORTHERN REGIONS, MOSTLY DRY
IN THE SOUTH. A SLIGHT CHANCE
OF SHOWERS BUT THAT'S ABOUT
IT. WE HOPE FOR SUNNY BREAKS,
NOT ONLY ON FRIDAY BUT INTO
SATURDAY AS WELL. WE DON'T SEE
A CHANGE UNTIL SUNDAY AND IT
IS A BRIEF PERIOD OF RAIN.
OTHERWISE, WE'RE BACK TO
SUNSHINE ON MONDAY. HAPPY
BIRTHDAY TO IDA KOWALSKY.
RETURNED 101. WINN BLAKE
TURNED 100. CONGRATULATIONS TO
YOU BOTH AND A HAPPY
ANNIVERSARY TO ANNE AND AL
HERSH, THEY CELEBRATE THEIR
70TH TONIGHT. CONGRATULATIONS.
THE WEATHER WINDOW FOR TONIGHT
IS A REALLY NEAT SHOT FROM THE
NORTHWEST TERRITORIES FROM.